# theslap.com

this will most likely be a very VERY long-term project i work on, and will be the most extensive project i've ever created so far. with an intermediate knowledge of website coding via HTML and CSS (i'm a bit rusty on JavaScript), i decided to use my passion for web design and challenge the limits of my knowledge by doing something no one else on the internet has done.

during the summer of 2024, i was rewatching the show "Victorious" and remembered theslap.com, a social media website created within the world of Victorious to connect the students of Hollywood Arts together. this website was fully developed by Nickelodeon to include bonus content fans of the show could look at, such as videos, blog posts, and general fan interaction (i.e. polls, leaving comments). the website was an integral part of the show and allowed fans to check in on their favorite characters.

in April 2018, following show creator Dan Schneider's departure from the network, Nickelodeon shut down theslap.com. when the site shut down, Victorious had already wrapped production 5 years ago, but needless to say, fans were pretty bummed. no other majorly popular TV show had created a website based on a gimmick utilized by the characters in said show before. sure, you have official websites where you can watch clips and play games (think Cartoon Network, Disney Channel...), but Victorious was a pivotal example of using a key element of the show and making it a reality. theslap.com ushered in a new way for fans to engage with the show, and was one of the reasons why the show was widely popular within the Millenial/Gen Z demographic.

as a Gen Z-er myself, i noticed some people took to making PearPhones (a direct parody of Apple iPhones within the Schneider universe, including iCarly) a reality, but no one had captured the essence of what theslap.com truly was. this project, while very basic at best, will allow those who still reminisce about the show to see what theslap.com once was. since my knowledge of coding is not very advanced, i assume some major key elements will be missing from the site--most notably videos and games, at least until i can figure out a way to incorporate them. creating and logging into an account and posting comments (which was a part of the original website back in the day) will also **not** be a part of this project. i don't intend on creating an online state of theslap.com at any point, so there will be no way for users to post on the website. (it IS in offline mode for a reason!)

**DISCLAIMER**: while this is solely a fan-made non-profitable project created by one person, **all rights belong to Nickelodeon**. i do not claim any elements from the show, and every piece i collected for this website (including images) is all from the Wayback Machine. this is an educational project that celebrates the life and legacy of a childhood favorite of mine, which would not have been possible without Nickelodeon and all of the cast/crew who worked tirelessly on making Victorious the masterpiece it is. thank you for crafting something that will forever have a special place in my heart.
